Add fuel and emission model for containership (#14)
willirath/rasmus_fuel: README.md

$CRScor = ((V\_{actual}/V\_{design}) ^ 3 + 0.2) / 1.2,$

$V\_{actual}$ and $V\_{design}$ are vessel speeds operational and design. 

The term $FCaux$ is an auxiliary engine power estimated according to relationship:

$FCaux = Auxiliary\_Engine_Power \cdot Load\_Factor$,

for simplicity in the model $FCaux = 0.63 \cdot Engine\_Power$

For a case when a number of operational engines of vessel > 1 the formula for a fuel consumption recasts to [1]:

$Fuel\_Consumption = (CRScor \cdot Number\_Active\_Engines \cdot fMCR \cdot Engine\_Power \cdot Load\_Factor + FCaux) \cdot SFOC / 3600$ 

where $fMCR$ is a fraction of maximum continuous rating which is equal to:

$fMCR = Number\_Operational\_Engines / Number\_Active_Engines \cdot CRScor \cdot MCR$

To estimate the number of active engines, the following relationship is used:

$Number\_Active\_Engines = {\rm min}(Engines\_Operational, {\rm ceil}(CRScor \cdot Engines\_Operational \cdot MCR))$

As for total fuel-based CO_2 emission per a single voyage the formula is used: 

$Emission = Conversion\_Factor\_Fuel\_toCO2 \cdot Fuel\_Consumption \cdot Sailing\_Time,$   

where $Sailing\_Time$ is a single voyage time.

## Literature

> [1] [D.R. Schouten, T.W.F. Hasselaar Ship emision model validation with noon reports, 2018 Marin Report No. 30799-1-TM (v3)] (http://www.emissieregistratie.nl/erpubliek/documenten/Lucht%20(Air)/Verkeer%20en%20Vervoer%20(Transport)/Zeescheepvaart/MARIN%20(2018)%20Ship%20Emission%20Validation%20with%20Noon%20reports_V3.pdf)

Author: Don't use a space between `[]` and `()`:
```suggestion
[1] [D.R. Schouten, T.W.F. Hasselaar Ship emision model validation with noon reports, 2018 Marin Report No. 30799-1-TM (v3)](http://www.emissieregistratie.nl/erpubliek/documenten/Lucht%20(Air)/Verkeer%20en%20Vervoer%20(Transport)/Zeescheepvaart/MARIN%20(2018)%20Ship%20Emission%20Validation%20with%20Noon%20reports_V3.pdf)
```

[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/willirath/rasmus_fuel/master?filepath=doc%2Fexamples)

The model estimates at first step a fuel consumption and at seconds step a fuel-based CO_2 emission for a slow-speed (<400 rotation per minute (RPM)) container ships with a diesel engine 
that runs on marine diesel oil (MDO). Total engine fuel consumption and emission are calculated for diesel engine type MAN-B&W with parameters described below. 

### Model parameters

In the model the convension of SI units for all parameters is implemented. Input parameters for the model are described in the table below. 

| Parameter | Description , Units | 
| --- | --- |
| Vessel design speed | maxium speed vessel reach at calm conditions [m/s] |
| Specific fuel consumption (SFOC)| specific fuel consumption, [kg/Wh]  |
| Number of operational engines | Vessel number of operational engines |
| Load per active engine | the torque output of an engine |
| Maximum continuous rating (MCR)| maximum power output of engine|
| Conversion factor of fuel to CO_2 | conversion factor from fuel to CO_2 mass [kg of fuel / kg CO_2]| 

### Emission model description

> Depending on number of oepartional engines two alternative formulas for fuel consumption is implemented.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on number of operational engines, two alternative formulas for fuel consumption are implemented.
```

> To estimate a total fuel consumption with a single operational engine and auxiliary engine power the formulas is used [1]:

Author: For a single operational engine and auxiliary engine power, the total fuel consumption is estimated according to (see [1]):

> $Fuel_Consumption = (CRScor * MCR * Engine_Power  * Load_Factor + FCaux)* SFOC * /3600$     

Author: Should this read like this?
```suggestion
$Fuel_Consumption = (CRScor * MCR * Engine_Power  * Load_Factor + FCaux)* SFOC / 3600$     
```

Author: More formatting:
```suggestion
$Fuel\_Consumption = (CRS_cor \cdot MCR \cdot Engine_Power  \cdot Load\_Factor + FCaux) \cdot SFOC  / 3600$     
```

where $CRScor$ is a correction reduced speed factor evaluated as given:

$CRScor = ((V_{actual}/V_{design}) ^ 3 + 0.2) / 1.2,$

> $V_{actual}$  and $V_{design}$ are vessel speeds operational and design. 

Author: ```suggestion
$V_{actual}$ and $V_{design}$ are vessel speeds operational and design. 
```

The term $FCaux$ is an auxiliary engine power estimated according to relationship:

> $FCaux = Auxiliary_Engine_Power * Load_Factor$,

Author: ```suggestion
$FCaux = Auxiliary\_Engine\_Power \cdot Load\_Factor$,
```

> for simplicity in the model $FCaux = 0.63 * Engine_Power$

Author: ```suggestion
for simplicity in the model $FCaux = 0.63 \cdot Engine\_Power$
```

For a case when a number of operational engines of vessel > 1 the formula for a fuel consumption recasts to [1]:

> $Fuel_Consumption = (CRScor * Number_Active_Engines * fMCR * Engine_Power  * Load_Factor + FCaux)* SFOC * /3600$ 

Author: ```suggestion
$Fuel\_Consumption = (CRScor \cdot Number\_Active\_Engines \cdot fMCR \cdot Engine\_Power  \cdot Load\_Factor + FCaux) \cdot SFOC / 3600$ 
```

where $fMCR$ is a fraction of maximum continuous rating which is equal to:

> $fMCR = Number_Operational_Engines / Number_Active_Engines * CRScor * MCR$

Author: ```suggestion
$fMCR = Number\_Operational\_Engines / Number\_Active\_Engines \cdot CRScor \cdot MCR$
```

> To calculated a number of active engines the relationship is used:

Author: ```suggestion
To estimate theumber of active engines, the following relationship is used:
```

> $Number_Active_Engines = min(Engines_Operational, round(CRScor * Engines_Operational * MCR)+1)$

Author: ```suggestion
$Number\_Active\_Engines = {\rm min}(Engines\_Operational, {\rm ceil}(CRScor \cdot Engines\_Operational \cdot MCR))$
```

As for total fuel-based CO_2 emission per a single voyage the formula is used: 

> $Emission = Conversion_Factor_Fuel_toCO2 * Fuel_Consumption * Sailing_Time,$   

Author: Not sure here: Is `Fuel_Consumption` a rate (per time)?
```suggestion
$Emission = Conversion\_Factor\_Fuel\_toCO2 \cdot Fuel\_Consumption \cdot Sailing\_Time,$   
```

Reviewer: Here the emission is estimated along the entire voyage time, therefore time multiplication is introduced.

Author: I was just confused by terminology here. Once I've understood that `_consumption` refers to a rate rather than an amount, this made sense.

> where $Sailing_Time$ is a single voyage time.

Author: ```suggestion
where $Sailing\_Time$ is a single voyage time.
```

## Literature

> [1] D.R. Schouten, T.W.F. Hasselaar Ship emision model validation with noon reports, 2018 Marin Report No. 30799-1-TM (v3)

Author: ```suggestion
[1] [D.R. Schouten, T.W.F. Hasselaar Ship emision model validation with noon reports, 2018 Marin Report No. 30799-1-TM (v3)](http://www.emissieregistratie.nl/erpubliek/documenten/Lucht%20(Air)/Verkeer%20en%20Vervoer%20(Transport)/Zeescheepvaart/MARIN%20(2018)%20Ship%20Emission%20Validation%20with%20Noon%20reports_V3.pdf)
```

> [1] [D.R. Schouten, T.W.F. Hasselaar Ship emision model validation with noon reports, 2018 Marin Report No. 30799-1-TM (v3)] [http://www.emissieregistratie.nl/erpubliek/documenten/Lucht%20(Air)/Verkeer%20en%20Vervoer%20(Transport)/Zeescheepvaart/MARIN%20(2018)%20Ship%20Emission%20Validation%20with%20Noon%20reports_V3.pdf]

Author: No space between the `[ ]` and the `( )`:
```suggestion
[1] [D.R. Schouten, T.W.F. Hasselaar Ship emision model validation with noon reports, 2018 Marin Report No. 30799-1-TM (v3)](http://www.emissieregistratie.nl/erpubliek/documenten/Lucht%20(Air)/Verkeer%20en%20Vervoer%20(Transport)/Zeescheepvaart/MARIN%20(2018)%20Ship%20Emission%20Validation%20with%20Noon%20reports_V3.pdf)
```
